These terms and conditions regulate your use of StockyDodo's website, located at www.stockydodo.com, and StockyDodo’s mobile application, and form a legally valid and binding contract between Dodo Skills India Private Limited and you.

By accessing StockyDodo's website and StockyDodo’s mobile application, you hereby accept and agree to these terms and conditions of use, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, other rules, regulations, and terms made available on StockyDodo’s website and/ or mobile application, as may be amended from time to time. Do not continue to use StockyDodo’s website and/ or mobile application if you do not agree to all of such terms and conditions of use, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, other rules, regulations, and terms made available on StockyDodo’s website and/ or mobile application.

1. Definitions

For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions of Use (“T&C”), wherever the context so requires:
a. “Asset Class” refers to and includes, but is not limited to, virtual Equity, Currency, Commodity, and Cryptocurrency.
b. “Cash Bonus Amount” refers to and includes, but is not limited to, successful registration bonus, referral bonus, first time cash deposit bonus, subsequent cash deposits bonus, level up bonus and bonuses/ coupons upon completing a designated task and/ or hitting certain milestones on our Portal.
c. “Games” collectively refers to Portal Generated Games and Games that may be hosted by the User(s) on the Portal, which may either, be paid or free, and winners of Games may be awarded with prize(s), as per the rules of respective Games provided on the Portal.
d. “Gross Winnings” shall mean total prize money that a User may receive, as per the rules of respective Games, if he/ she wins Games that he/ she may have participated in.
e. “Guaranteed Game” refers to Games which require a pre-designated minimum number of Portfolio(s) that must join the Games, as per the rules of respective Games, for the Games to go live. Provided the pre-designated minimum number of Portfolios join the Games, the prize money, as illustrated in the prize money distribution table, for every winner, shall remain the same, irrespective of the number of Users who may have participated in the Games, and then be distributed amongst the winners, as per the rules of the Games provided on the Portal.
f. “Net Winnings” shall mean Gross Winnings less the Pre-Designated Entry Fee.
g. “Non-Guaranteed Game” refers to Games which require a minimum of two (02) unique Users to participate in such Games for the Games to go live. Such Games shall have a pre-designated Prize Money Pool keeping in mind the total number Portfolios that shall be allowed to join the Games. This Prize Money Pool shall be subject to change basis the actual number of Portfolios that may join the Games and shall be updated accordingly by the Portal until the Games go live. Once the Games have gone live, the Portal shall update the Prize Money Pool basis the final number of Portfolios that may have joined the Games, and the same shall be distributed amongst the winners of the Games basis the final number of Portfolios that may have joined the Games. It is hereby clarified that if only a single User participates in the Games with more than one (01) Portfolio, it shall be counted as one (01) unique User participating in the Games, and therefore, the Games shall not go live.
h. “PAN” refers to Permanent Account Number.
i. “Parties” collectively refers to Dodo Skills India Private Limited and User(s) who are legally bound by these T&C.
j. “Portal” refers to the website www.stockydodo.com and/ or mobile application named “StockyDodo” created, operated, and owned by Dodo Skills India Private Limited.
k. “Portal Generated Games” refers to Games that may be automatically generated by the Portal, which may either be a Guaranteed Game or a Non-Guaranteed Game.
l. “Portfolio” refers to a virtual collection of assets drawn from one or more Asset Class, with the pre-designated virtual Portfolio value (already provided to every User) allocated to the assets, as per the rules of the Games provided on the Portal.
m. “Pre-Designated Entry Fee” means and includes pre-determined Portal administration fee for participating in/ joining the Games and pre-determined User’s contribution towards Prize Money Pool.
n. “Privacy Policy” refers to Portal’s privacy policy which is available at [insert Privacy Policy URL here].
o. “Prize Money Pool” shall mean and refer to the total Pre-Designated Entry Fee collected from the Users participating in Games less the total Portal administration fee charged from such Users, or such other pre-designated prize money pool as may be given on the respective Games’ pages as per the rules of such Games.
p. “Services” collectively refers to any/ all of the features including, but not limited to “Play” section, “Learn” section, and “Engage” section of the Portal which allows Users for participation, inter alia, in the various learning module(s), course(s), article(s), webinar(s), video tutorial(s), quiz(zes), contest(s), Games, and social engagement through bulletin board(s), chat area(s), news group(s), forum(s), communities and/ or message or communication facilities, which may either be paid or free, being conducted/ offered on/ through the Portal.
q. “User”, “You”, “Your” and “Yourself”, shall mean and refer to natural and legal individuals who are visiting/ accessing/ using the Portal and/ or the Services, and are competent to enter into legally valid and binding contracts, as per Indian laws, rules and/ or regulations.
r. “User Account” refers to the categories of wallets provided to every User for the processing and reconciliation of payments.
s. “Users’ Content” includes all materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, that the Users upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Portal.
t. “We”, “Us” and “Our” and “Ourselves” shall mean and refer to Dodo Skills India Private Limited.

Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, and/ or he, she or they, shall be taken as interchangeable.

2. Acceptance of T&C

a. The headings of each section/ clause in these T&C are only for the purpose of organizing the various provisions under these T&C in an orderly manner and shall not be used by either Party to interpret the provisions contained herein in any manner.
b. The use of the Portal by the Users is governed by these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations and terms, and any modifications or amendments made thereto by us, from time to time, shall be at our sole and absolute discretion. If you continue to access and/ or use the Portal, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations, and terms. The User expressly agrees and acknowledges that these T&C and Privacy Policy are co-terminus in nature and that expiry/ termination of either one will lead to the termination of the other.
c. The User unequivocally agrees that these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations, and terms constitute a legally binding agreement between the Parties, and shall be treated as part and parcel of the same. The User acknowledges and agrees that no signature or express act is required to make these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations and terms binding on the User and that the User’s act of visiting/ accessing/ using any part of the Portal constitutes the User’s full and final acceptance of these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations, and terms.
d. We reserve the sole and exclusive right to amend or modify these T&C without any prior permission of or intimation to the User and the User expressly agrees that any such amendments or modifications shall come into effect immediately. If the User does not adhere to the amendments or modifications, they must stop accessing/ using the Portal at once. Your continuous access/ use of the Portal will signify your acceptance of such amended or modified terms. It shall be the User’s responsibility to check the Portal regularly for amendments or modifications to these T&C.

3. Portal Overview

a. “Play” Section:
i. Subject to these T&C, the Play section of the Portal shall offer games of skill which may include, but is not limited to, Games in relation to any Asset Class or a combination thereof. We reserve the right to modify the Asset Class, at any time, without any prior notice/ information to the Users. The User hereby agrees not to raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any such modification.
ii. The Portal Generated Games, in relation to any Asset Class or a combination thereof, may include, but is not limited to, “Select 5”, “Select 5 Plus”, “Allocate Mate” and “Upside Down”. We reserve the right to modify the Portal Generated Games, at any time, without any prior notice/ information to the Users. The User hereby agrees not to raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any such modification. More information regarding the rules of Portal Generated Games may be found in their respective pages on the Portal. It is hereby clarified that such rules shall form a part of these T&C and the User agreeing to and abiding by these T&C hereby also agrees to and abides by such rules.
iii. We may permit the Users to host any of the Portal Generated Games and thereby invite other existing Users or new Users to participate in any of such Portal Generated Games hosted by the User by sharing with them an invite link that is automatically generated by the Portal. If a new User is invited, he/ she shall have to first register themselves as aforementioned in order to participate in/ join the Games. When the User hosts a Portal Generated Game, he/ she may set certain rules of game-play for such hosted games as may be provided on the respective games’ pages on our Portal, subject to these T&C.
iv. The Games may either be a Guaranteed Game or a Non-Guaranteed Game and the same shall reflect on Games’ pages on the Portal. The rules of a Guaranteed Game or a Non-Guaranteed Game may be found on the respective pages of such Games on the Portal.
v. The Play section of the Portal and/ or the Portal is not a trading platform and it is only offering a platform to the Users to play Games and shall not in any manner or form undertake trading activities.
vi. Neither is the Portal, nor are we associated directly with any capital market governing bodies and SRO, including, but not limited to, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) or National Stock Exchange of India (“NSE”) or The Bombay Stock Exchange (“BSE”) or The Multi Commodity Exchange of India Limited (“MCX”) or National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (“NASDAQ”) or Coinbase Global, Inc. (“Coinbase”).
vii. Neither the Portal nor us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages whether anticipated or unanticipated by any User based on any actions taken by such User solely by relying on the aforementioned material and/ or information and/ or stock market/ financial data shared by the stock market/ financial data vendors on/ through our Portal. Users agree not to raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against all of the aforementioned persons in respect of, inter alia, any delay and/ or inaccuracy and/ or error in relation to stock market/ financial data on the Portal, including, but not limited to, any lost opportunity to participate in/ join Games due to such delay and/ or inaccuracy and/ or error.

b. Participation in Games
i. The User may participate in/ join the Games by creating a Portfolio as may be required by the respective rules of such Games. The User may also participate in/ join the Games by using an already saved Portfolio on his/ her profile, if any. The User may also be allowed to enter certain Games with multiple Portfolios as per the respective rules of such Games.
ii. The User shall then be required to pay the Pre-Designated Entry Fee but only for paid versions of such Games. In Games where the User may be allowed to participate with multiple Portfolios, the User, as per the respective rules of such Games, may have to pay the Pre-Designated Entry Fee for every Portfolio that he/ she participates in the Games with.
iii. The User shall be a participant of such Games once he/ she has followed the aforementioned steps. It is again clarified that the step referring to payment of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee shall be required to be completed only for paid versions of such Games. There shall be no Pre-Designated Entry Fee for participating in/ joining free versions of such Games.
iv. We reserve the right to abandon/ suspend/ terminate any/ all Games, at our sole and absolute discretion, without giving any prior notice to any User and/ or adjust the deadline of any/ all Games in certain specific/ uncertain scenarios, which are beyond our reasonable control.

c. Payment Terms
In respect of any payment transaction(s) entered into on the Portal, including paying the Pre-Designated Entry Fee to participate in the paid versions of Games, Users agree to be bound by the following payment terms:
i. Subject to these T&C, all amounts of money including the Pre-Designated Entry Fee collected from the User shall be held in a non-interest earning bank account until determination of the winners and distribution of prizes occurs.
ii. We receive only our share of the Portal administration fee out of the said bank account.
iii. We reserve the right to charge a Portal administration fee and other applicable charges and taxes. The Portal administration fee along with all other charges and taxes will be debited from the User Account and an invoice reflecting the debit of the Portal administration fee may be issued to the User.
iv. The Prize Money Pool of Games shall be passed on to the winner(s) of Games after the completion of the Games as per the rules of such Games provided on the respective Games’ pages on the Portal. It is clarified that we have no right or interest in this Prize Money Pool, and only act as an intermediary engaged in collecting and distributing the Prize Money Pool in accordance with the rules of the Games. The amount to be paid-in by the User towards the Prize Money Pool would also be debited from the User’s account balance.
v. Any User availing the Services is provided with User Account for the processing and reconciliation of payments as given below:
· Cash Bonus Wallet
· Unutilized Wallet
· Winnings Wallet
It is clarified that in no instance there will be a transfer of any amounts in the User Account to any other category of account held by the User or any third-party account, including a bank account held by a third party. However, once successfully verified, the Users shall be allowed to withdraw from his/ her Winnings and when the User chooses to withdraw, the prize shall be credited to the User’s Bank Account, subject to these T&C.
vi. Debit of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee:
Each time a User participates in any Games on the Portal, the Pre-Designated Entry Fee shall be debited from the User Account. When the User pays the Pre-Designated Entry Fee, the same shall get debited from the User Account in the following order of priority:
· 10% of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee shall first get debited from the Cash Bonus Wallet. (If there are insufficient funds in the Cash Bonus Wallet to cover 10% of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee, the Cash Bonus Wallet shall not be debited. In such an event, the Pre-Designated Entry Fee shall then be debited from the Unutilized Wallet and/ or Winnings Wallet in the order mentioned herein.)
· The remaining portion (90% of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee) shall then get debited from the Unutilized Wallet.
· If there are insufficient funds in the Unutilized Wallet to be able to pay the remaining portion (90%) of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee in whole, such amount shall get debited from the Unutilized Wallet as would be available in the same (say, 50%) and the remainder of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee (here, 40%) shall then get debited from the Winnings.
· In case there is any amount remaining to be paid even after deductions from Cash Bonus Wallet, Unutilized Wallet and Winnings Wallet in the order of priority as aforementioned, the User shall then be taken to the designated payment gateway to give effect to such payment.
· In case any amount added by the User through the designated payment gateway exceeds the remaining amount of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee, the amount in excess shall be transferred to the User’s Unutilized Wallet and shall be available for use in participation in any Games.
· It is further clarified that, at any time, when the User is remitting any amount through the designated payment gateway, it shall always be credited to the User’s Unutilized Wallet and the minimum amount of money that can be added to the Unutilized Wallet through the designated payment gateway shall be INR 20.
vii. Credit of Prize/ Winning Amount:
· If Net Winnings in a Game are less than INR 10,000/- and if the Gross Winnings is greater than the Pre-Designated Entry Fee for the Game, the Cash Bonus Amount used to enter that Game shall first be credited back to the Unutilized Wallet. Then the Gross Winnings less the Cash Bonus Amount gets credited to the Winnings Wallet.
· If Net Winnings in a Game are less than INR 10,000/- and if the Gross Winnings is less than or equal to the Pre-Designated Entry Fee for the Game, the Gross Winnings shall get credited to the Unutilized Wallet.
· If Net Winnings in a Game are more than INR 10,000/-, the Cash Bonus Amount used to enter that Game shall first be credited back to the Unutilized Wallet. Then the Gross Winnings less 30% TDS (on Net Winnings) less the Cash Bonus Amount used to enter that Game, gets credited to the Winnings Wallet.
viii. Debits from the Unutilized Wallet for the purpose of enabling a User’s participation in a Game shall be made in order of the date of credit of amounts in the Unutilized Wallet, and accordingly amounts credited into Unutilized Wallet earlier in time shall be debited first.
ix. Notwithstanding anything contrary in these T&C, in the event any Game is abandoned, cancelled or suspended after the User has deposited the amount towards the Portal administration fee and/ or the Prize Money Pool, the said amounts shall be refunded to User Account in the same manner and in the same proportion as it was debited at the time of paying the Pre-Designated Entry Fee, within a reasonable period of time from such abandonment, cancellation or suspension.
x. Users agree that once they confirm a payment transaction on the Portal, they shall be bound by and make payment for that transaction. A payment transaction, once confirmed, shall be final and no suspension or cancellation shall be permissible, unless effected by the Portal for some reasonable cause or effected by the payment gateway. The User hereby agrees that he/ she shall not raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us and/ or the Portal in respect of any such suspension or cancellation effected by the Portal. The User hereby agrees that we and/ or the Portal shall not be liable if the payment gateway suspends or cancels the settlement of any/ all amount associated with any transaction. We also hereby clarify that we and/ or the Portal shall not be liable for any such suspension or cancellation effected by the payment gateway and that it shall be the payment gateway which shall be solely and absolutely liable for such suspension or cancellation effected by them.
xi. Any amount transferred into the User’s Unutilized Wallet may take up to 24 hours, from the time of such transfer, to reflect in the User’s Unutilized Wallet. Users agree not to raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any delay in relation to such transfer, beyond 24 hours, including, but not limited to, any lost opportunity to participate in/  join Games due to delay in crediting of transaction amount into the User Account. At the time of the transaction, Users may also be required to take note of certain additional terms and conditions of the payment gateway, and such additional terms and conditions shall also govern the transaction. We shall not be responsible for delays or denials at the payment gateways’ ends and processing of payments shall be solely in terms of their policies and procedures without any responsibility or risk at our end. To the extent that those additional terms and conditions contain any clause that is inconsistent with these T&C, these T&C shall prevail.

d. Reward Program
i. We may provide our Users, through our Portal, with Cash Bonus Amount.
ii. Any Cash Bonus Amount earned by a User shall be remitted to the User’s Cash Bonus Wallet and a maximum of only 10% of the Pre-Designated Entry Fee shall be utilized against the Cash Bonus Wallet.
iii. Any/ all Cash Bonus Amount remitted to the User’s Cash Bonus Wallet shall automatically expire after a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such remittance.
iv. We reserve the right to withhold the deposit of any/ all Cash Bonus Amount from Cash Bonus Wallet and/ or forfeit any/ all deposited Cash Bonus Amount in Cash Bonus Wallet and/ or suspend or deactivate any/ all Users’ Cash Bonus Wallet, without giving any prior notice to the Users, at any time, at our sole and absolute discretion. Users agree not to raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any such withholding, forfeiture, suspension and/ or deactivation.

e. Selection and Verification of Winners
i. Selection of Winners
· Winners shall be decided on the basis of gains made against the Portfolio that they had participated in the Games with. The Users owning the Portfolio with the highest absolute gains or the highest positive percentage gains in Games, as per the rules of respective Games, shall be declared the winner(s). It is hereby clarified that the value of the Portfolio(s) depends upon the performance of their real-world counterparts in the stock market, but the distribution of prize is not linked to such real-world prices. The selection of winners is not linked to the performance of the underlying portfolio but to his/ her performance vis-à-vis other Users participating in the Games. This means that even if all the Users get negative virtual returns on their Portfolios, the prizes are distributed according to which User has performed the best relative to others. Therefore, the value of the prizes awarded to winners does not correlate to the value of the actual stocks in the stock market. It is further clarified that neither does the Asset Class nor do the Portfolios, amount to ‘securities’ or ‘derivatives’ under Indian law.
· In certain Games, the Portal may declare more than one winner and distribute prizes to such winners in decreasing order of their Portfolios’ gains at the end of the Games, as per the rules of the respective Games.
· The contemplated number of winners and the prize due to each winner in such Games shall be as specified on the Games’ pages prior to the commencement of the Games. This contemplated number of winners and/ or the prize due to each winner in Games may change as per the rules of the respective Games. We and/ or the Portal shall not be liable for such change(s) and Users agree not to raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any such change.
· In the event of a tie, the winning Users shall be declared winners and the prize shall be equally divided among such Users.
· We shall not be liable to pay any prize if it is discovered that the winner(s) have not abided by these T&C, Privacy Policy and other rules and regulations in relation to the use and/ or access of the Portal, Services, etc., and the User hereby agrees that he/ she shall not raise any complaint and/ or claim whatsoever against us with respect to the same.
ii. Verification for Withdrawals
· Users shall be required to provide certain details and/ or documents, in order to enable us to verify them and thereby allow them to withdraw the amount from their Winnings Wallet, which include, but is not limited to, the following:
Ø Full Name: The name provided to us at the time of registration on our Portal must match with the name provided, at the time of verification, on the User’s PAN card, and on the Bank Account records provided to us. If the same does not happen, the User’s verification shall fail thereby disallowing him/ her from withdrawing any amount from his/ her Winnings Wallet.
Ø Date of Birth: Users shall be required to provide their true Date of Birth. The Platform shall only accept Date of Births that correspond to 18 years of age or more. If any User provides a Date of Birth that does not match with the Date of Birth as provided on his/ her PAN, his/ her verification shall fail thereby disallowing him/ her from withdrawing any amount from his/ her Winnings Wallet.
Ø Bank Account details including Bank Account Number, IFSC and a true copy of the original Bank Account record(s). It is hereby clarified that the aforementioned Bank Account details must be that of a banking company which transacts the business of banking in India except Bank Account(s) of banking companies transacting their businesses in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Odisha, Sikkim and Telangana. Furthermore, such Bank Account shall not be a Non Resident External Account or Non Resident Ordinary Account or Foreign Currency Non-Resident Account or from any Digital Payments Bank.
Ø PAN details and a true copy of the original PAN.
· The verification process may take up to 48 hours from the time of the receipt of the aforementioned details and documents by us. The User hereby agrees that he/ she shall not raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any delay, in relation to the verification process, beyond 48 hours.
· Once successfully verified, the Users shall be allowed to withdraw from his Winnings Wallet and when the User chooses to withdraw, the prize shall be credited to the User’s Bank Account within a period of 24 hours from the time of verification. If the User is already verified, the prize shall be credited to the User’s Bank Account within a period of 24 hours from the time of winning the Games, when the User chooses to withdraw. The Users may be allowed to withdraw a minimum of INR 100 and a maximum of INR 1,00,00,000 from their Winnings Wallet per day. The User hereby agrees that he/ she shall not raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any delay, in relation to the credit of the prize to the User’s Bank Account beyond the period of 24 hours from the time of verification, and credit of the prize beyond the period of 24 hours from the time of winning, if the User is already verified.
· We shall not allow any User to withdraw any amount from his/ her Winnings unless the above-mentioned details and documents have been received and verified by us.
· It is hereby clarified that in the event that User’s Net Winnings in a Game are more than INR 10,000/ -, the User must provide the above-mentioned details and documents, within a period of 48 hours from the time of the User winning any Game, in order to be verified by us, failing which he/ she may be allowed to withdraw his/ her Winnings but may not be allowed to get the credit of TDS deducted on the Net Winnings and further may not be allowed to download his/ her TDS Certificate.
· It is hereby clarified that all amounts credited into a User’s Unutilized Wallet must be utilized within 335 days of credit. In case any amount lies in the Unutilized Wallet after the completion of 335 days from the date of credit of such amount, we reserve the right to forfeit such unutilized amount, without liability or obligation to pay any compensation to the User. The User hereby agrees that he/ she shall not raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us in respect of any such forfeiture.
· The User represents and warrants that the details and/ or documents provided in the course of the verification process are true and/ or true copies of the original documents to which they relate.

f.  “Learn” Section
i. Subject to these T&C, Privacy Policy, other rules, regulations, and terms, the Learn section of our Portal may provide the Users with certain features/ services including free courses, flash cards, podcasts, Digests, webinars, video tutorials, and quizzes etc. in relation to, inter alia, finance, stock market, trading and investment etc.
ii. The Users shall not be entitled to any prize/ reward in the event of winning a quiz but we may provide the Users with the same, at our sole and absolute discretion.
iii. Neither do we guarantee the accuracy, correctness, completeness, integrity and/ or quality of the material/ information provided through the courses, flash cards, podcasts, and Digests etc. provided on/ through our Portal, nor do we guarantee that the Learn section remains available or that the material/ information on the Learn section is kept up to date, and such material/ information may not be relied upon by the Users.
iv. We confirm that all material/ information shared and/ or exchanged on/ through the Learn section of the Portal are only for research and educational purposes, and published only for consumption by the Users. Neither does such material/ information in any form or manner constitute an investment advice, nor are they an offer to sell or solicitation to buy and/ or make investment(s) in any securities. It is hereby clarified that we and/ or the Portal are not registered investment advisers as per the relevant securities laws of India or any rules or regulations thereof.
v. Neither the Portal nor us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages whether anticipated or unanticipated by any User based on any actions taken by such User solely by relying on the aforementioned material/ information shared and/ or exchanged on/ through our Portal.

g. “Engage” Section
i. Subject to these T&C, Privacy Policy, other rules, regulations, and terms, the Engage section of our Portal may provide the Users with certain features/ services that may allow the Users to engage/ discuss/ chat with other Users of the Portal through bulletin board(s), chat area(s), news group(s), forum(s), communities, and/ or message or communication facilities.
ii. The Engage section may also provide the Users the option to interact with expert(s) in relation to finance, stock market, trading and investment etc. Neither do we guarantee the accuracy, correctness, completeness, integrity and/ or quality of the material/ information provided by such experts on/ through our Portal, nor do we guarantee that the Engage section remains available or that the material/ information provided by the experts on/ through the Engage section is kept up to date, and such material/ information may not be relied upon by the Users.
iii. We confirm that all material/ information shared and/ or exchanged by experts on/ through our Portal are only for research and educational purposes, and shared only for consumption by the Users. Neither does such material/ information in any form or manner constitute an investment advice, nor are they an offer to sell or solicitation to buy and/ or make investment(s) in any securities. It is hereby again clarified that we and/ or the Portal are not registered investment advisers as per the relevant securities laws of India or any rules or regulations thereof
iv. Neither the Portal nor us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages whether anticipated or unanticipated by any User based on any actions taken by such User solely by relying on the aforementioned material/ information shared by experts on/ through our Portal.

4. Games of Skill

a. Under the legislation currently in force for regulating and governing the games of skill in India, the Games are legal and valid. The Games constitute games of skill, as they involve judgment, skill, strategy, multi-disciplinary knowledge, training, adherence to a virtual budget, and calculation and mathematics, which are excluded from the ambit of Indian gambling legislations including, but not limited to the Public Gambling Act of 1867.
b. The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India has recognized that games of skill are not gambling activities in various cases including, but not limited to State of Andhra Pradesh v. K Satyanarayana (AIR 1968 SC 825) and K.R. Lakshmanan v. State of Tamil Nadu (AIR 1996 SC 1153) where it held inter alia that games of skill would be those where “success depends principally upon the superior knowledge, training, attention, experience and adroitness of the player”.
c. By User’s participation in the Games, each User acknowledges and agrees that he/ she is participating in a game of skill.

5. Registration

a. The User may register himself/ herself on the Portal by providing the following details on the Portal including, but not limited to:
i. Mobile Number
ii. Name
iii. Gender
iv. Email Address
v. OTP (One Time Password)
vi. Profile Name (which shall be unique)
b. Along with providing the aforementioned details, the User shall also confirm that he/ she agrees to and abides by these T&C by clicking on the check box provided on the registration page.
c. All registrations on the Portal are free of cost and no User shall be charged any amount of money for registration on the Portal.
d. Once registered, the User shall have a profile page where they may be required to fill in further details including, but not limited to date of birth, bank account details and PAN.
e. Linking of your profile page to your social media accounts including, but not limited to Facebook and LinkedIn may not be mandatory but optional.
f. Users may invite other existing Users or new Users to participate in any of the Services by sharing with them an invite link that is automatically generated by the Portal. If a new User is invited, he/ she shall have to register themselves as aforementioned in order to avail of the Services provided on the Portal.
g. Users shall provide true and complete details to the Portal during the registration process and we and/ or the Portal shall not be responsible in any manner for communications errors, commissions or omissions including, but not limited to those of the Users due to which they may not be able to access/ use the Services being provided on the Portal including, but not limited to withdrawal of money from their Winnings account.

6. Eligibility

a. The User represents and warrants that he/ she is competent and eligible to enter into legally valid and binding agreement(s) and of 18 years of age or more, and/ or that they have the requisite authority to bind themselves to these T&C following the relevant laws, rules, and regulations. The User shall be 18 years of age or more in order to participate in/ join the paid version of the Games.
b. The User further represents that he/ she shall comply with these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations, terms, and all applicable local, state, national laws, international laws, rules and regulations.
c. The User shall not use/ access the Portal if he/ she is not competent to contract or is disqualified from doing so by any other applicable law, rule and/ or regulation currently in force.
d. The sole and absolute onus of not participating in/ joining the paid version of the Games shall be upon the Users residing in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Odisha, Sikkim and Telangana as the laws of these states are unclear or bar Users from participating in games of skill where Users are required to pay to enter, or may require a license to carry out games of skill in their jurisdictions, which we may not have. This list of Indian states may be updated, from time to time, as per the relevant amendments in the respective state laws. It is hereby clarified that if an Indian state where games of skill are not banned but they get subsequently banned as per its state laws, Users shall not be allowed to participate in/ join the paid version of the Games. The existing Users from such Indian states shall not be allowed any further participation in the Games as well as to withdraw any/ all amount from their User Account. The sole and absolute onus to withdraw any/ all amount from his/ her User Account and subsequently stop using the Portal, before any state law banning/ prohibiting games of skill comes into effect under whose jurisdiction they lie, shall lie upon the User only.
e. We may, in accordance with the applicable local, state, national laws, international laws, rules and regulations, at our sole and absolute discretion, bar Users from participating in any/ all of the Services being provided on the Portal.

7. Indemnity

a. The Users agree, at their expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Portal, us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees from and against any losses, liabilities, claims, damages, demands, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith and interest chargeable thereon) asserted against or incurred by us that arise out of, result from, or maybe payable by, any breach or non-performance of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made or obligation to be performed according to these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations and/ or terms.
b. Further, the Users agree to hold the Portal, us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless against any claims made by any third party due to, or arising out of, or in connection with, inter alia,:
i. Users’ use/ access of the Portal,
ii. Users’ violation of these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations and/ or terms,
iii. Users’ violation of any rights of another,
iv. Users’ alleged improper conduct according to these T&C,
v. Users’ conduct in connection with the Portal.

8. Limitation of Liability

Subject to the Privacy Policy, in no event shall the Portal, we, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and/ or assignees be liable to compensate the User or any third party for any special, incidental, direct, indirect, consequential or punitive damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to  those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not foreseeable, and whether or not the Portal and/ or us had been advised of the possibility of such damages, or based on any theory of liability, including, but not limited to breach of contract or warranty, negligence or other tortuous action, or any other claim arising out of or in connection with the User’s use of and/ or access to the Portal or materials/ information contained therein.

9. Term

These T&C shall continue to form a legally valid and binding contract between the Parties and shall continue to be in full force and effect until the User continues to access and/ or use the Portal.

10. Communication

a. By using/ accessing the Portal and providing his/ her Mobile Number and Email Address to the Portal, the User hereby agrees and consents to receive calls, emails, and SMS from the Portal and/ or any of its representatives, in relation to the Services, at any time.
b. We and the Portal shall not be held liable, in any manner or form, if any call is not received by a User and/ or any email and/ or SMS remains unread by a User as a result of such email getting delivered to the User's junk or spam folder. The User hereby agrees that he/ she shall not raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us and/ or the Portal, in respect of the same.

11. User Obligations and Formal Undertakings as to Conduct

The User agrees and acknowledges that he/ she:
a. Agrees and abides by these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations and terms of the Portal. In the event any User does not agrees to and/ or abides by these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations, and terms, we may, at our sole and absolute discretion, take necessary remedial action, including, but not limited to restricting, suspending, or terminating any User's access to all or any part of Portal and/ or its Services and refraining from awarding any prize(s) to such User.
b. They are 18 years of age or more in order to participate in/ join the paid version of the Games.
c. Agrees to provide genuine credentials during the process of registration on the Portal. User shall not use a fictitious identity to register. The Portal and/ or we are not liable if the User has provided incorrect information.
d. Agrees to ensure the Name, Email address, Mobile number and any such other information provided during registration as aforementioned are valid at all times and shall keep his/ her information accurate and up-to-date.
e. Agrees that he/ she is solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of his/ her account password. The User agrees to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of his/ her account.
f. Understands and acknowledges that any/ all data/ information submitted is manually entered into the database of the Portal. The User also acknowledges the fact that data so entered into the database is for easy and ready reference for the User, and to streamline the use of the Portal.
g. Authorizes us and the Portal, subject to Privacy Policy, to use, store or otherwise process certain personal information and all published content, comments, reviews and ratings for personalization, marketing and promotional purposes and for optimization of User-related options.
h. Agrees not to access (or attempt to access) the Portal and/ or the materials/ information therein by any means other than through the interface provided by the Portal. The use of deep-link, robot, spider or other automatic devices, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Portal or its content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Portal, materials or any content, or to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not specifically made available through the Portal will lead to suspension or termination of the User’s access/ use of the Portal. The User acknowledges and agrees that by accessing/ using the Portal, he/ she may be exposed to content that he/ she may consider offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable. We, the Portal, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees, disclaim any liabilities arising concerning such offensive content on the Portal, and

The User further undertakes not to:
a. Engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts access/ use of the Portal and/ or the Services provided therein (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Portal),
b. Impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent his/ her affiliation with a person or entity,
c. Create multiple accounts on the Portal using/ through any unlawful/ illegal means.
d. Misusing any features/ Services of the Portal to receive any benefit that is otherwise not intended to be provided to him/ her through the Portal.
e. Probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Portal or any network connected to the Portal, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Portal or any network connected to the Portal. The User shall not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information relating to any other User of, or visitor to, the Portal, or any other viewer of the Portal, including, but not limited to any account/ profile maintained on the Portal not operated/ managed by the User, or exploit the Portal or information made available or offered by or through the Portal, in any manner,
f. Disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Portal, systems resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Portal or any affiliated or linked Portals,
g. Use the Portal, Services and/ or any material or content therein for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations and/ or terms of the Portal, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes our and/ or any other third party’s rights,
h. Violate any code of conduct or guidelines which may apply for the use and/ or access of the Portal,
i. Violate any applicable laws, rules and/ or regulations currently in force within or outside India,
j. Violate any portion of these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations and/ or terms of the Portal, whether made by amendment, modification, or otherwise, and
k. Commit any act that causes the Portal to lose (in whole or part) its internet establishment or in any manner disrupts the accessibility/ use of any other Portal.

Further:
a. The User hereby expressly authorizes us to disclose any and all information relating to the User in our possession to law enforcement or other government officials, as we may in our sole and absolute discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with the investigation and/ or resolution of possible crimes, especially those involve personal injury and theft/ infringement of intellectual property. The User further understands that we might be directed to disclose any information relating to User or otherwise as necessary to satisfy any judicial order, law, rules, regulation, law enforcement and/ or governmental request.
b. The User agrees to use the Portal and its Services for lawful purposes only.
c. The User agrees to provide authentic and true information whenever and wherever required. We reserve the right to confirm and validate the information and other details provided by the User at any point of time. If upon confirmation, such User details are found to be false, not to be true (wholly or partly), we shall in our sole and absolute discretion reject the registration and debar the User from using the Portal, and/ or other affiliated websites without prior intimation/ notice, whatsoever.
d. The User agrees not to post any material on the Portal that is defamatory, offensive, obscene, indecent, abusive, or needlessly distressful, or advertising any goods or services. More specifically, the User agrees not to host, display, upload, update, publish, modify, transmit, or in any manner share any information that:
i. belongs to another person and to which the User has no right to,
ii. is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever,
iii. is in any way harmful to minors,
iv. infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights,
v. violates any law for the time being in force,
vi. deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing,
vii. abuses, harasses, threatens, defames, disillusions, erodes, abrogates, demeans or otherwise violates the legal rights of others,
viii. impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, and/ or
ix. threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
The User expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Portal, we, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees, shall not be, in any way or form, responsible for such Users’ Content, as mentioned in clause (d) above, on the Portal. It is hereby clarified that if any of the Users’ Content is/ becomes public information, we may store and access it as per our Privacy Policy. The User may report to us by writing to us at hello@dodoskills.com of any such content, which we may then remove from the Portal, at our sole and absolute discretion.

12. Suspension of User Access and Activity

a. Notwithstanding other legal remedies that may be available, we reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to unilaterally restrict, suspend or terminate the User’s access/ use of the Portal, or any portion thereof, at any time, without any prior notice or cause.
b. In such an event, and subject to these T&C, we reserve the right to forfeit any and all amount of money in the User Account, without liability or obligation to pay any compensation to the User, and the User hereby agrees that he/ she shall not raise any complaint and/ or claim, whatsoever, against us with respect to the same.

13. Publicity

Acceptance of a prize by the winner constitutes permission for us, and our affiliates to use the winner's name, likeness, voice and comments for advertising and promotional purposes in any media worldwide for purposes of advertising and trade without any further permissions or consents and/ or additional compensation whatsoever.

14. Cookies

We employ the use of cookies. By accessing/ using the Portal, the User agrees to the use cookies on the Portal in agreement with our Privacy Policy.

15. Hyperlinking to Portal

a. The following organizations may link to our Portal without prior written approval:
i. Government agencies,
ii. Search engines, and
iii. News organizations.

b. Online directory distributors may link to our Portal in the same manner as they hyperlink to the websites of other businesses. These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Portal information so long as the link:
i. is not in any way deceptive,
ii. does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products and/ or services, and
iii. fits within the context of the linking party's site.

c. We may consider and approve other link requests from the following types of organizations:
i. commonly-known consumer and/ or business information sources;
ii. associations or other groups representing charities;
iii. online directory distributors;
iv. internet portals;
v. accounting, law and consulting firms; 
vi. educational institutions and trade associations; and
vii. any other third party.

d. We will approve link requests from the organizations mentioned in sub-clause (c) above, if we decide that: 
i. the link would not make us look unfavorably to ourselves or to our accredited businesses;
ii. the organization does not have any negative records with us;
iii. the benefit to us from the visibility of the hyperlink compensates our absence, and
iv. the link is in the context of general resource information. Such organizations which are interested in linking to our website must inform us by writing an e-mail at hello@dodoskills.com. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our website, and a list of the URLs on our Portal to which you would like to link.

e. Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Portal as follows:
i. By use of our corporate name; or
ii. By use of the uniform resource locator (URL) being linked to; or
iii. By use of any other description of our Portal being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of our Portal’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.

f. iFrames:
Without our prior approval and written permission, no person may create frames around the Portal that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of the Portal.

g. Content Liability:
If any third party is linking to our Portal from its website or mobile application, we, our Portal, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and assignees shall not be held responsible for any content that appears on its website or mobile application. You and such third parties agree to protect and defend us, our Portal, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and assignees against all claims that are rising on such website or mobile application. No link(s) to our Portal shall appear on any website or mobile application that may be interpreted, inter alia, as libelous, obscene, illegal, or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.

h. Reservation of Rights:
We reserve the right to request any person to remove all links or any particular link to our Portal. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Portal upon request. We also reserve the right to amend/ modify these T&C in relation to hyperlinking and the linking policy at any time. By linking to our Portal, the linking party agrees to be bound to and follow these T&C.

16. Removal of Links from Portal

a. If any User finds any link on our Portal that is offensive for any reason, he/ she is free to contact and inform us any moment. Subject to applicable law, we may consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to or so or to respond to you directly.
b. We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the Portal remains available or that the material and/ or the Services on the Portal is kept up to date.

17. Taxes

a. All prizes shall be subject to deduction of TDS as per the Income Tax Act 1961. The TDS rate prescribed by the Government of India, with respect to any prize money amount that is in excess of Rs. 10,000/-, is 30%. TDS of 30% shall be deducted on Net Winnings.
b. In case of any revision, by the Government of India, to the aforementioned rate in the future, TDS shall be deducted, by the Portal, in accordance with the then prescribed TDS rate.
c. Subject to these T&C, winners may be provided TDS certificates in respect of such tax deductions. The winners shall be responsible for payment of any other applicable taxes, including, but not limited to, income tax, gift tax, etc. in respect of the prize money.

18. Intellectual Property Rights

a. Portal includes a combination of content created by us, our partners, affiliates, licensors, associates and/ or Users. The intellectual property rights in all software underlying the Portal and material published on the Portal, including, but not limited to Services, software, advertisements, written content, photographs, graphics, images, illustrations, marks, logos, audio or video clippings and flash animation, is owned by us, our partners, licensors and/ or associates. Users shall not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, or in any way exploit any of the materials or content on the Portal either in whole or in part without express written license from us.
b. Users shall request permission to use any Portal content by writing to us at hello@dodoskills.com
c. Users are solely responsible for the Users’ Content. Each User represents and warrants that he/ she owns all intellectual property rights in the Users’ Content and that no part of the Users’ Content infringes any third party rights. Users further confirm and undertake to not display or use of the names, logos, marks, labels, trademarks, copyrights or intellectual and proprietary rights of any third party on the Portal. Users agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Portal, us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees against all costs, damages, loss and harm including, but not limited to litigation costs and counsel fees, in respect of any third party claims that may be initiated for, including, but not limited to, infringement of intellectual property rights arising out of such display or use of the names, logos, marks, labels, trademarks, copyrights or intellectual and proprietary rights on the Portal, by such User or through the User's commissions or omissions.
d. Users hereby grant to the Portal, us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees, a worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable license to host, use, reproduce, distribute, modify, run, copy, translate, create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, transfer, transmit, and/ or publish Users' Content for any of the following purposes:
i. displaying Users' Content on the Portal,
ii. distributing Users' Content, either electronically or via other media, to other Users seeking to download or otherwise acquire it, and/ or
iii. storing Users' Content in a remote database accessible by end users, for a charge.
This license shall apply to the distribution and the storage of Users' Content in any form, medium, or technology.

e. All names, logos, marks, labels, trademarks, copyrights or intellectual and proprietary rights on the Portal belonging to any person, including, but not limited to the User, entity or third party are recognized as proprietary to the respective owners and any claims, controversy or issues against these names, logos, marks, labels, trademarks, copyrights or intellectual and proprietary rights must be directly addressed to the respective parties under notice to us.

19. Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities

a. To the extent permitted under law, neither the Portal nor us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees shall be responsible for the deletion, the failure to store, the misdelivery, or the untimely delivery of any Service, information and/ or material.
b. To the extent permitted under law, the Portal and/ or we shall not be responsible for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any Services, information or material, the quality of servers, and/ or the cancellation of any/ all Services. We disclaim any responsibility for, and if a User pays for access to one of Portal's Services, the User will not be entitled to a refund as a result of any inaccessibility that is caused by Portal's maintenance on the servers or the technology that underlies our Portal, failures of Portal's service providers (including, but not limited to telecommunications, hosting, and power providers), computer viruses, natural disasters or other destruction or damage of our facilities, acts of nature, war, civil disturbance, or any other cause beyond our reasonable control. In addition, we do not provide any warranty as to the content on the Portal. The Portal Services and its contents are distributed on an "as is, as available" basis.
c. Any material accessed, downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Portal is done at the User's discretion, competence, acceptance and risk, and the User will be solely responsible for any potential damage to User's computer system or loss of data that results from a User's access and/ or download of any such material.
d. We shall make best endeavours to ensure that the Portal is error-free and secure, however, neither the Portal nor us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees make any warranty that:
i. the Portal and/ or its Services will meet Users' requirements,
ii. Portal and/ or its Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free,
iii. the Services and/ or the results that may be obtained from the use/ access of the Portal will be accurate and/ or reliable, and
iv. the quality of any Services, information, or other material that Users purchase or obtain through the Portal will meet Users' expectations.
e. In case we discover any error, including, but not limited to any error in the determination of winners of games of skill or in the transfer of amounts to a User's account, we reserves the right, exercisable at our own discretion, to rectify the error in such manner as we deem fit, including, but not limited to through a set-off of the erroneous payment from amounts due to the User or deduction from the User's account of the amount of erroneous payment. In case of exercise of remedies in accordance with this clause, we agree to notify the User of the error and of the exercise of the remedies to rectify the same.
f. The Users must play responsibly as they should understand that games of skill involve a component of monetary risk and may be addictive. Unless otherwise explicitly specified, we claim no association, in any capacity whatsoever, with any capital market governing bodies and SRO, including, but not limited to, SEBI, NSE, BSE, MCX, NASDAQ, Coinbase.
g. To the extent permitted under law, neither the Portal nor us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use our Portal and/ or Services, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
h. Any Services being provided, or intended to be provided on the Portal and requiring specific permission or authority from any statutory authority or any state or the central government, or otherwise shall be deemed cancelled or terminated, if such permission or authority is either not obtained or denied either before or after the availability of the relevant Services provided.
i. To the extent permitted under law, in the event of suspension or closure of any Services, Users shall not be entitled to make any demands, claims, on any nature whatsoever.
j. It is further agreed to by the Parties that the contents of this Section shall survive even after the termination or expiry of these T&C and/ or the Privacy Policy.

20. Force Majeure

Neither the Portal nor us, our directors, officers, shareholders, partners, associates, licensors, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and assignees shall be liable for damages for any delay and/ or failure to perform their obligations hereunder if such delay and/ or failure is due to cause beyond their control or without their fault or negligence, due to Force Majeure events including, but not limited to acts of war, terrorism, acts of God, pandemic, earthquake, flood, plague, riot, civil disturbances, change of law or regulation, nuclear or chemical contamination, pressure waves from devices travelling at supersonic speeds, failure of public infrastructure, fire, festive activities sabotage, labour shortage or dispute, internet interruption, technical failure, breakage of sea cable, hacking, piracy, cheating, illegal or unauthorized acts.

21. Dispute Resolution &Jurisdiction

a. It is expressly agreed to by and between the Parties hereto that the formation, interpretation, and performance of these T&C and any disputes arising therefrom shall be resolved through a two-step Alternate Dispute Resolution mechanism. It is further agreed to by and between the Parties that the contents of this Section shall survive even after the termination or expiry of these T&C and/ or Privacy Policy.
i. Mediation: In case of any dispute between the Parties, the Parties shall attempt to resolve the same amicably amongst themselves, to the mutual satisfaction of the Parties. In the event that the Parties are unable to reach such an amicable solution within thirty (30) days of one Party communicating the existence of a dispute to the other Party, the dispute may be resolved by arbitration, as detailed herein below.
ii. Arbitration: In the event that the Parties are unable to amicably resolve a dispute by mediation, the said dispute may be referred to arbitration by a sole arbitrator to be appointed by us, and the award passed by such sole arbitrator shall be valid and binding on all Parties. The Parties shall bear their own costs for the proceedings, although the sole arbitrator may, in his/ her sole discretion, direct either Party to bear the entire cost of the proceedings. The arbitration shall be conducted in English, and the seat of Arbitration shall beat Delhi, India.
b. The Parties expressly agree that these T&C, Privacy Policy and any other agreements entered into between the Parties are governed by the laws, rules, and regulations of India.

22. Notices/ Grievances

Any and all communication relating to any dispute or grievance experienced by any User may be communicated to us by the User by sending an email to hello@dodoskills.com

23. Miscellaneous Provisions

a. Entire Agreement: These T&C, read with the Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations, and terms provided on/ through the Portal form the complete and final contract between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other communications, representations, and agreements (whether oral, written or otherwise) relating thereto.
b. Waiver: The failure of either Party at any time to require performance of any provision of these T&C shall in no manner affect such Party's right at a later time to enforce the same. No waiver by either Party of any breach of these T&C, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such breach, or a waiver of any other breach of these T&C.
c. Survival: All provisions/ clauses of these T&C, which by their nature should survive the termination of these T&C, for any reason, shall survive the termination of these T&C.
d. Severability: If any provision/ clause of these T&C is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions/ clauses of these T&C shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby, and each such provision/ clause of these T&C shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. In such case, these T&C shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to correct any invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, while preserving to the maximum extent the original rights, intentions and commercial expectations of the Parties hereto, as expressed herein.
e. Contact Us: If any User has any questions about these T&C, Privacy Policy, disclaimers, rules, regulations, terms, the practices of the Portal, or his/ her experience on the Portal, he/ she may contact us at hello@dodoskills.com.
